the BMW 2002 2002tii 1600 1800 all those
cars probably pound-for-pound
dollar-for-dollar the best car ever made
when you think about it what it did and
what it did for the company simply
astounded and most of you yuppie scum
don't even know what it is oh yeah so
there's a little old lady at siccar
Heights headed home two grand oh my gosh
this is beautiful man yeah you check the
towers in the back here that underneath
there the stock towers you know what
yeah
it is a sedan the drove like a sports
car
I'll guarantee you that you ever drive
one of those you ever drive one of those
no to be a w-4
an amazing car yes
that little worse car
that's a 70mm is probably 71 right there
I had a 74
and it is the car that save BMW in
America yes it is
it is a sedan that drove like a sports
car
I'll guarantee you that now that's the
base model I had one called the tii we
feel injected but they both run it run
out pretty good you know from report
today you know but it's the way they
drive it's soon as I saw it I said oh
wow
the one in front of us is probably a
seventy one or two kids like a 70 or 71
it's hard hard to tell from where we're
looking yes now there was a four-door
variant also the engine started as a
1,600 then it was an 1800 for a minute
then open it went to 2 liters in the
United States and then that turned into
the 320i and so on and so forth
no it's a crazy thing that's the one car
thought I would never not have but it
happen
just a crazy thing I thought I've blown
the engine but I had not know I had that
and so by the time I didn't know the
other stuff came up what I just said
again had to let it go but don't give me
another one
pink ass net motorsports
oh that just says automatic it's not an
automatic I saw he's headed transferred
out or he had the transmission change
he's got a manual I saw him when he
drove by yeah
we're on our way to the mortgage movie
today in New Jersey but I think it is
always time for motorsports
we have
no no it's not random at all it's a 1971
BMW
well not all of them but that was all
right I used to have one and I'm gonna
have another one special little car